this boy can stretch his body parts this
cute little girl spits could turn into
sharks
another little girl can make objects fly
with her voice a boy can change his face
to his will
these two brothers even have the ability
to control time who are they
why do they have such superpowers they
are all children of superheroes
our main character is missy her father
is the captain of the superhero team
after missy's mother died he stopped
fighting against supervillains
he took his daughter to school then went
to the hero's headquarter to work
but unexpectedly aliens have come and
invaded the earth
all people with superpowers must join
the fight the kids are still at school
and don't know that a disaster has
happened
today is the first day missy goes to
school she introduced herself i'll be
joining you today
when the teacher was gone noodle
stretched his neck to hear if the
teacher was gone
she left the whole class started to riot
they all use their super powers
the boy in a wheelchair has a remarkable
mind noodles can stretch his body parts
acapella can use her voice to make
things float around slowmo can slow down
the movements of objects
rewind and fast can control time
facemaker can transform his face
ojo could foresee the future and
wildcard is almighty
but his abilities are unstable little
guppy can turn her spits into sharks
but missy has no superpowers whatever
aliens invaded earth
their parents went to protect the world
the kids are watching the super team
against the aliens on tv
because of the lack of solidarity in the
team the whole team was destroyed
the tv also loses the signal aliens
claim they want to take over earth
the children are very worried because
their parents have been arrested
now missy asks the children to unite to
save their parents
wildcard did not listen he has always
been the captain
so he doesn't want to listen to missy's
orders missy doesn't care about him
the little girl gathers children who are
trying to save their parents
when they were about to escape guards
appeared and stopped them these guards
seemed to be the bad guys
guppy stepped forward and provoked the
guards they laughed but just for a
second
the guards were defeated by guppy first
blood
double kill at this moment another guard
wants to attack guppy
noodles reaches out to take him down he
also takes the card to open the security
door
one guard pushes the warning button the
iron door is locked
they can't go out suddenly the alien
attacks the wild card
fast told his brother to rewind the time
go back to the time before the guard
pressed the warning button
wheels quickly stopped the guard they
got out but were surrounded by more of
the guards
acapella sang the guards were
immediately hovering in the air
she turned them into stairs they stepped
on them and exited the place
they got on the train but the guard
blocked the exit acapella again used her
power to make the car fly
noodles uses his rubber body to change
the direction of the train
they were successfully managed to escape
the base guards didn't understand what
happened
on the train acapella due to damage to
the larynx loses superpowers
they crashed into the ground luckily
everyone was fine
at this point they accidentally went to
missy's grandmother's house
do
[Music]
then guppy created a key with her saliva
they got out
but they started arguing wildcard wants
to be the captain
he immediately went to save his parents
but missy wants to prevent aliens from
invading the earth
they are surrounded a cappella used
sound waves to temporarily took down a
man in black
slomo used his superpower to knock them
all guppy also used his ultimate
technique to fight the bad guy
parents are very proud when they see
their kids kicking the villain spot on
tv
but then the bad woman reappeared they
used iron chains to arrest the children
the brothers rewind and fast use their
superpowers to go back in time
the children successfully escaped they
came to a place like a pyramid
this is a fortress they want to destroy
it but the outside of the pyramid has a
protective shell
at this point missy discovers ojo is a
spy oh ho hated the superhero team so
much that she betrayed them
but surprisingly there was wildcard's
voice from somewhere turns out they were
pretending to argue to lure ojo into
revealing her true identity
they soon found out that ojo has
something sketchy seeing her plan
unfold oh ho draws some monsters within
just few strokes
those monsters became alive missy tells
noodles to turn into a bout and guppy
makes darts
and then they attacked the monster two
monsters were instantly defeated
guppy was out of saliva she needs more
water wheels says the pyramid's
protective layer is liquid
guppy immediately created a giant shark
with her superpowers
defeating all the monsters
they were able to swap the pyramid's
chip some mysterious mechanism was
triggered
their parents appeared in front of a
badass background it turns out their
parents made a plan with the aliens to
challenge them
at this time the kid was united and they
were strong enough to fight evil
protect the world in life we will always
face challenges
we must know how to unite help each
other if you also have superpowers
what superpowers would you like to have
leave a comment below to let me know
see you in the next video